Project name: C7_SmartCalc_v1.0-0
Author: louvenia

Project description:
The program "Calculator" with a graphical user interface developed on Qt was implemented.

The first page of the program displays a calculator that accepts as input both integers and real numbers written through a dot.
Also, entering values is possible through the keyboard and using the buttons in the application.
The calculation is performed after the full input of the expression to be calculated, pressing enter on the keyboard and pressing the = symbol.
Arbitrary bracket arithmetic expressions are calculated in infix notation;
Calculation of arbitrary bracket arithmetic expressions in infix notation with substitution of the value of the variable x as a number;

On the second page of the program, it is possible to plot a graph of a function specified using an expression in infix notation with a variable x.
The user is given the opportunity to change the scale and drag the chart range.
To build a graph, you must specify the range of x values, the display area of ​​definition and the area of \u200b\u200bvalue and step.
If the construction step has not been entered, then the default value is 0.01.
Next, to plot, you must click the "Create Graph" button, the "Clear Graph" button is responsible for clearing the fields for new input values.

On the third page of the program is a loan calculator for self-calculation of the loan.
The input values are: total loan amount, term (in months), interest rate and type (annuity, differentiated).
Next, to calculate the loan, you must click the "Calculate" button, the "Clear" button is responsible for clearing the fields for new input values.
The calculated values are displayed at the output: monthly payment, overpayment on the loan and total payment.

On the fourth page of the program there is a deposit calculator for self-calculation of the deposit.
The input values are: deposit amount, placement period (in months), interest rate, tax rate, frequency of payments, capitalization of interest, list of replenishments and list of partial withdrawals.
If no tax rate has been entered, then the default value is 13%.
Next, to calculate the deposit, you must click the "Calculate" button, the "Clear" button is responsible for clearing the fields for new input values.
The calculated values are displayed at the output: accrued interest, tax amount and deposit amount by the end of the term.

Installation instructions:
The build of the program can be customized using a Makefile with the standard set of targets for GNU programs: all, install, uninstall, clean, dvi, dist, tests, gcov_report.

When you enter
make all: will remove files, compile and test.

make s21_smartcalc.a: This will compile.

make tests: testing will be done.

make gcov_report: An HTML report will be generated about the testing performed, the results of unit tests covering modules related to expression evaluation using the Check library.

make check: Performs style testing with clang-format.

make leaks: Performs leak testing.

make install: installs the application using the cmake makefile.

make uninstall: Uninstalls the application files using the cmake Makefile and *.app file.

make dist: Creates a tar file for the src folder.

make dist_clean: Removes the generated tar file.

make dvi: builds DVI files for all TeXinfo documentation by translating the original Texinfo documentation into HTML format.

make dvi_clean: Remove DVI file.

make clean: removes those files from the current directory that were created when the program was built.